feat: add backups plugin (#39)
eduNEXT/drydock: drydock_backups/README.rst

Drydock-backuyps
================

> Is a tutor plugin used to easily store backups of mysql and mongodb databases through k8s cronjobs. It backup the databases and stores them in a bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a tutor plugin used to easily store backups of mysql and mongodb databases through k8s cronjobs. It backup the databases and stores them in a bucket.
```

This plugin assumes that the destination bucket is already created and that the credentials to access it are already configured (Works with S3 and Minio buckets indicating his endpoint url through `BACKUP_CUSTOM_STORAGE_ENDPOINT`).

Installation and activation
---------------------------

> Is installed with Drydock, so no need to install it separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is included with the Drydock installation, so there's no need to install it separately.
```

You can enable it adding `drydock-backups` to the `plugins` section of the `config.yml` file.

Configuration variables
-----------------------

> - **IMAGE**: The image used to run the cronjob. Default: `ednxops/shipyard-utils:v1.0.0`

Reviewer: Please add the `BACKUP_` prefix for all variables since these are the real names

- **BACKUP_CRON_SCHEDULE**: Cron schedule to run the backup. Default: `0 2 * * *`
- **BACKUP_AWS_ACCESS_KEY**: AWS access key to access the bucket or minIO user.
- **BACKUP_AWS_SECRET_KEY**: AWS secret key to access the bucket or minIO password.
- **BACKUP_BUCKET_NAME**: Name of the bucket where the backups will be stored.
- **BACKUP_BUCKET_PATH**: Path inside the bucket where the backups will be stored.
- **BACKUP_CUSTOM_STORAGE_ENDPOINT**: Custom endpoint to access the bucket. Default: `None`
- **BACKUP_K8S_USE_EPHEMERAL_VOLUMES**: Use ephemeral volumes to set up the cronjob. Default: `False`
- **BACKUP_K8S_EPHEMERAL_VOLUME_SIZE**: Size of the ephemeral volume. Default: `8Gi`

> - **BACKUP_MYSQL_USERNAME**: Username to access the mysql database.

Reviewer: Please indicate that these variables take default values defined in Tutor

> - **BACKUP_MYSQL_USERNAME**: Username to access the mysql database. Default: MYSQL_ROOT_USERNAME from the `config.yml` file.

Reviewer: Please check the configuration of tutor-notes [here](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-notes#configuration). You can take it as inspiration to indicate the defaults here

- **BACKUP_MYSQL_PASSWORD**: Password to access the mysql database. Default: MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD from the `config.yml` file.
- **BACKUP_MONGO_PASSWORD**: Password to access the mongodb database. Default: MONGODB_PASSWORD from the `config.yml` file.
- **BACKUP_MONGO_USERNAME**: Username to access the mongodb database. Default: MONGODB_USERNAME from the `config.yml` file.

You can set ups these variables in the `config.yml` file.

Docker image
------------

The docker image used to run the cronjob is `ednxops/shipyard-utils:v1.0.0` and it is available in `DockerHub <https://hub.docker.com/r/ednxops/shipyard-utils>`_.

> The dockerfile used to build the image is the Dockerfile located in the root of this repository.

Reviewer: If I'm not wrong the Dockerfile is not in the repository root but in the `drydock_backups` folder. Could you please specify that the image is built manually, and the commands to build it?
